if you're trying to figure out the best
online business to start in 2024 you are
in luck today we are going to break down
the differences between having a course
or a membership what are the pros and
cons are one or the other oversaturated
what does it look like from a financial
standpoint what do you need to have in
terms of tech can you start a membership
or a course if you really don't have
much of a following what if you've
already started a membership site and
now you're thinking about creating a
course where do you host these things
what can you charge for a membership
should you offer a lifetime membership
or monthly we're discussing all of that
in today with my guest Rebecca Baker
she's the brand lead at the membership
experience she's got tons years of
experience working with people launching
memberships and courses and she's part
of the team that we use to switch a lot
we're going to get to all that and more
let's get to it shall we thanks for
being
[Music]
here Rebecca Baker thank you so much for
joining us today I thought who better to
answer our questions about memberships
and the difference between memberships
and coures and the opportunity that we
have right now before us than someone
who is the brand lead of the membership
experience so thank you for being here
that's right thank you so much for
having me I'm really excited to chat
with you about memberships today what I
love is that you have been in every
capacity like a customer someone who's
gone through the customer experience and
now someone who really is very devoted
to helping people um have a really good
customer experience but you know for
that person who's right now trying to
decide side I've got this knowledge I
have this expertise I don't know how to
monetize or package it should it be a
podcast should it be a membership or a
course can you help us understand like
what is the difference between
membership and course yeah so I mean and
the the benefit of being in a membership
really is being able to master whatever
it is that you took in the course so if
you think about this in terms of you
know sports or you know if you're in
martial arts or in swimming you don't
and just learn the thing and then you
know how to do the thing right it takes
a lot of time to master and Implement
and practice and go back to the
foundations um and just keep repeating
those and and you know expanding on that
practice we used to have I used to have
an Instagram course this is like 110
years ago I had an Instagram course
before there was Instagram and you know
the the minute I created it it was
outdated you know and and so we had to
constantly be updating it but what I
found is even though we were updating it
people bought a course they consumed the
course and then they just they never
came back even though we were updating
the course and so that's why we um
switched over to a a membership model
not even like for from a financial
standpoint even though it ended up being
a better financial decision as a
business owner to offer it as a
membership but what we found is that
people were like I'm it's a membership
so there for I'm going to keep plugging
in and when they keep plugging in they
keep getting all I mean because
Instagram changes by the hour then they
keep getting all the updated information
and I find that when people are plugged
in to a community whatever that is when
you're plugged in you you just do a much
better job it keeps you accountable it
keeps you
current um yeah and it maintains that
consistent momentum right and then for
you as the business owner on the back
end it gives you that stability and you
know that you can start expecting that
Revenue right so with a course you
launch it you get that injection of cash
uh or you know that income um but then
it stops and then you have to launch
again and then you have so it really
also creates that consistency both on
the front end and the back end for you
as the business owner that's a really
good point okay we're going to get back
to that part in a second but I I want to
imagine that I'm that person right now
who's trying to consider whether they
should create a course or a membership
and their fear perhaps is like well but
if it's going on and on and on how will
I come up with new content every month
right so what we T tend to recommend is
that people really kind of start simple
right you can always grow you can always
add things you can always assess and see
what's working and what's not uh but
it's really hard to kind of go backwards
from there so if you really think about
starting simple um and working with your
community you'll start to learn what
people need uh you'll start to kind of
see what you need to maybe create to
help them along the customer journey and
you're really just kind of giving them
little bits at a time so it's not that
you have to go all in and commit to
giving all of this content and be on
this constant content creation treadmill
just pull it back start simple and
you'll start to see where your customers
are experiencing progress maybe where
they're getting stuck and then you can
start basing your content on that I'm
glad you said that and I I just want to
be perfectly
with every
IES and membership when I say I mean
myself and Brock and and Brett Team
Johnson we have courses and we have
memberships they're both now hosted with
sery um which is you're you're
Affiliated obviously with sery and um
they're different it's like it's so
different and we and I should also say
that we have been doing courses and
memberships for more than 12 years and
we are with one uh company that we we
really loved and I couldn't imagine
having a better experience and so I was
like I I don't see any reason why we
should switch I really don't like we
love the company that we were using
before um I still think they're a great
company but we were so convinced
by the uh tools and the ease of use for
customers I was like it's not just about
like is this easy for us like we have to
make it easier for our customer and so
that's why we switched we just switched
one over first I'm going to give you
guys a little backstory so we had insta
clubhub which was our Instagram coaching
program we built it
ourself y never ever ever with a capital
E would I recommend anyone ever do that
so we switched that one over first and
all of our other programs and courses
and memberships were still on another um
another uh what do you call it software
platform yeah platform our our
experience was like
insane and our C here's what happened so
when you have a membership we can
explain what this means in just a second
churn so you know people dropping off
right so whenever you get a membership
all of us have memberships of certain
types and certain point you see it on
your credit card statement you're like
wait am I even using this and you cancel
it right so our cancellation rate went
down
50% in the first two months of switching
because of the customer experience so
first can you explain what churn is
yeah so churn is when you're basically
bringing people in but then also losing
people so you're getting new customers
you're you know what whatever that might
look like you're launching they're
coming in but then on the other end
you're losing people um and so it's just
kind of this cycle of you're getting
people you're losing people yeah and the
idea as a business owner is like you
want that number you want the new people
coming in to be much higher than the you
know people who are just like okay
thanks I'm done and sometimes people
leave because they're just they're not
doing that anymore they got what they
needed they can't afford it there's a
whole number host of reasons why people
might cancel a membership but the one
that you have control over is their
experience hey before we go much further
I know it's really hard to get all of
your questions answered maybe we're
going too fast maybe you need us to go
more in depth and that's why I want to
make sure that you know the team at Cy
is putting on a free training that's the
training that I went to to understand
like how to improve our memberships and
get all of my questions answered so if
for any reason we don't answer all of
your questions I highly recommend that
you sign up for one of their their free
workshops you can do so by going to
shen.com
membership shen.com
membership all right that link is below
in our show description let's get back
to Rebecca so what things would you say
um people who start a membership or
maybe the three of the biggest mistakes
they make that
impact customers experience
so I mean I think right off the bat I
think going back to what we just talked
about and touched on a little bit is
trying to give everything all at once
rather than keeping it simple and really
the number one people the the number one
reason that people ultimately leave
memberships is actually content
overwhelm really and because they're not
sure uh they're not sure where to start
they're not sure about the next step in
their Journey they know they started
here they know they want to be here but
what am I doing in between what are the
steps that I'm taking to get from here
to here and so if that's not laid out
clearly uh inside of the membership then
people are going
to what are they going to do they're
going to leave right or they're not
going to make progress and even if we
can get our members to make even just a
little tiniest bit of progress from one
month to the next they're going to stay
they're experiencing progress they're
going to stay with us so content
overwhelm I would say is one of the
biggest things um and then really just
kind of touching on what we talked about
in there uh is the thing that we call
the success path so that customer
Journey um and that is the starting
point and the end point so if somebody's
coming into your membership uh and
they're in there and they're excited
they got in on the launch and this
sounds amazing I can't wait to get
started but then they get in there and
they don't have any direction and they
don't know what they're trying to
necessarily achieve then you know then
it's becoming kind of a you not really a
place for them they don't really know
what they're there for anymore so okay
so let me be a devil's advocate what if
I um I I come in for a certain thing
like let's say for example it's insta
clubhub and my I decide okay I want to
get to 10,000 followers and I and I
reach that end point how do I keep that
member in if they've already achieved
their transformation right so I guess
what you would say we could bring this
back to what we were talking about
before with Mastery yeah so let's say
you're in martial arts you get all the
way to the top and you earn your black
belt and now what else do you stop do
you stop practicing martial arts do you
not have any new goals do you not are
there no next steps for you to take or
that's it you're just done right so we
can think about that in the same way for
our member Journey or our customer
Journey where yes they'll get to the end
of the success path but there's always
going to be opportunity to go back to
the foundation and and and tweak
something or change something right or
set a new goal or whatever that might
look like so we see a lot of members
coming back through our membership
experience as
alumni uh because maybe they have
reached a goal but now you know they
want to come back and maybe they want to
tweak their membership content a little
bit or maybe they want to get back in
the community and see what other people
are doing in their memberships and maybe
there's going to be a cool idea um or
you know something new and strategy that
they'll learn from somebody else that
maybe wasn't available the first time
that they went through it you know I
guess it's because you guys have you
know helped so many people build
memberships I I don't know what those
statistics are but I'm sure it's in the
thousands tens of thousands um but we
learned I mean even though I had been
doing members a membership for you know
more than a decade we learned so much
from from you and from Stu from the team
about that process that we just you know
it's so sometimes like when you have all
the information it's so hard two things
are really hard number one everyone
who's watching right now who's
considering creating a membership or a
course it doesn't matter y'all are going
to give people too much and if you're
charene Johnson you're going to give
them too much times 10 like it is my
Achilles heel and and just like learning
from from your team like you've got to
pull it back because I think in the
mindset of someone who's a content
creator we just think I can make this
more valuable if I give them more
information but people don't want more
information they want get me there in as
fast as possible with as little
information yeah they want results and
yes and when you give too much you
overwhelm and you know when I think
about your audience so I'm in that same
phase of Life Perry menopause menopause
all that fun stuff and so you know
there's so much information out there
about all of that stuff and what's true
and what's not and what works for me and
what doesn't and you know
you wouldn't recommend Rebecca okay
you're in Perry menopause you're this
old this is what you're experiencing go
do these 17 things right you're going to
tell me you know try this and then add
this next and then add this next right
so you're going to help me kind of build
the momentum get a result add the next
thing get a result uh and you know help
me along that journey and so you're
really taking all of that information
and Distilling it for me uh and saying
you don't actually need to do all of the
things that you're seeing online you
need to bring it back and focus on these
core things and that's what we do inside
of a membership and you guys are so good
at teaching that I mean because I think
anyone can there's lots of platforms
where you can build memberships there
are um but understanding how how to
build it the right way and how to give
people an experience and how to keep
them happy and how to not burn out as a
content creator is really quite huge um
just off the you know because people are
watching this right now that's where
they're at they're trying to figure out
course or membership is there a certain
type of um I guess situation or type of
content or expertise or knowledge that
you would think okay this might make
more sense as a course that's a great
question it's a good question because
you know one of the things that we also
talk about is really how courses and
memberships can go hand in hand so I
think there are instances where you can
have a course but think that we're
always going to see people you know
wanting a little bit more and we
actually see a lot of memberships being
born off of the back of courses because
a course will end and then the the
person will get a lot of uh feedback
saying does this really have to end can
we keep going we say that every year in
our course actually so I think that even
though we might think that oh yeah this
can just be a course or you know I we
see that people want that ongoing
connection they make connections while
they're with you in the course they make
them with you they make them with other
people in the course and so we often see
people wanting to continue on and
memberships being born off the back end
of courses so I think it would depend on
the Creator like if the Creator is
someone who um they don't have a team
they don't have a staff they don't see
this is something they want to do
indefinitely they just have like one
little chunk of information maybe it's
like how to knit a
blanket or whatever you know what I mean
um and so it's like one thing and that
might make sense to have a course but if
it's something where it's like it's a
you're better off with a constant
learning and being plugged into a
community then a membership makes the
most sense that's what I might say does
someone who doesn't have like they've
got the knowledge they know like okay I
I know I could share this with people I
know I could monetize this knowledge
that I have I want to teach this but I
have zero
following yeah do they have any business
creating a course or a membership or
like what does that look like yeah
absolutely so I think that the first
thing to kind of um address there is
that nobody doesn't have a following you
know what I mean we have friends and
family we have Facebook pages we might
have Instagram pages so it might not be
filled with our ideal customers but
there might be a handful of Ideal
customers on there uh so what we often
recommend in those situations is
starting with something called a
founding member launch and that is
really something where you put it out
there uh you just let it you just share
that you have an idea hey I have this
idea I've been thinking about doing this
what would you think about it can I get
some feedback on it and then you'll
you'll see that you'll actually start
getting some feedback on it and people
will start talking about it uh and you
can start it really simple so founding
member launch really looks like inviting
people into your world uh you know
putting that idea out there and inviting
people to actually help you co-create
that membership magic right so you're
bringing people in you're saying you can
get in at a founding member price so you
make it you know nice and low of what
you would normally work yourself up to
charging um and then they help you you
don't have to have any content created
you don't have to have any Tech setup we
have members in our community who launch
their memberships and I'm thinking of
Cheryl hatch right now she did a
founding member launch for her
membership she just served her members
through email for a full year before she
actually implemented any kind of tech or
any kind of backend so I think she had a
Facebook Community she served through
email and that was it and do you can you
tell us what her uh course or sorry what
her membership offered yeah yeah so
she's she serves Preschool teachers and
so she creates lesson plans and and
different things to help teachers save
time uh on creating those things and
giving them back a little bit of time
and uh yeah so she just saw a need right
she worked in that industry uh she saw
the need she put it out there she got an
amazing uh result and but she just kep
kept it super simple she just served
through email that is one of my favorite
things you know when I think about a
course versus a membership and for those
of you are trying to consider it I will
say that I personally feel like a
membership experience as the Creator is
far less pressure and you're going to
get a better product because when you
create a course you like sit down by
yourself and you're like okay they're
going to learn this and then then this
module then this module then this module
and we think we know what they need and
in what order and then we create it all
and then we give it to them and then we
find out it's missing steps or like they
don't need this part at all and or
they're not interested in this exactly
whereas with the membership you can
literally start by saying okay here's
lesson one or here's like our our step
one and then you get to like be a part
of the community where they're saying
but what I really want is fill in the
blank where I'm really struggling is
fill in- the blank and we have learned
so much from our membership experience
you know that search you because we we
can find out from them like what what's
overwhelming what they're using what the
transformation is that they and how
they're framing it and so it's helped us
with our sales Pages it's helped us with
our emails it's helped us with our
content creation everything so I really
like memberships for that reason and if
I'm being completely transparent
completely honest we created marketing
impact Academy as a um it's you're it's
what we call a lifetime membership so
you pay once and you have access to it
until I
die yes forever we'll say forever yeah
but I mean hindsight I wish you know
High guess hindsight is 2020 if I had to
do things all over again I would have
launched that as a higher ticket monthly
membership as opposed to onetime fee um
lifetime membership you know because
basically it's a course that we update
all the time right but I re it would
have been so much easier if I could do
it all over again and maybe that's
something thing we should do is like
visit talk about make do we make this a
membership experience well I was just
going to say shelene I think that is the
beauty of being a membership site owner
or being a business owner in general is
that you get to decide that so maybe
it's been this way for this long and so
all of the people who are already
members of that and have and been able
to pay that lifetime access fee that's
amazing they're grandfathered in they
don't have to pay a thing ever again but
there's nothing saying that you can't
moving for forward make a different
choice and turn it into something that
has you know more of a reoccurring
revenues so talk to me about the
different types of
membership uh experiences that some of
your customers have like so is it always
video is it video and audio what are the
what are the options right so we kind of
boil it down to four different
membership types so we look at product
based memberships what would a product
based membership be so a product based
membership you could look at
subscription boxes so think about Sarah
Williams from our community she had a
bricks and mortar shop where she sold
t-shirts uh and then turned it into a
subscription box and so she has members
who every month get a curated box they
get uh a really cool monogram shirt a
different design every time um and then
she hand selects and curates beautiful
gifts um that people get in that box so
they just get that month after month so
that would be an example of a product
and she's yeah she's done very very well
I think she's up to I know she has at
least two memberships now if not three
um but yeah that's really grown for her
so that's an example of a product based
membership yes and what other types of
memberships are there so then we've got
communitybased and then we also have
information or knowledge based what
community based some variet some
different examples of a community based
yeah I mean so this can look uh like a
lot of different things so in person I
can think of uh Jess bomarito in our
community she actually has a bricks and
mortar co-working uh membership but she
also has an online version of that too
so she's been able to kind of get the
best of both worlds where she gets
in-person uh Community Building there
but then they also have online versions
of that uh if you think of masterminds
you know masterminds really you know
that they're the next level up but
they're they tend to be a little more
community- based where you're bringing
together a group of uh you know
like-minded people you're bringing uh
together uh you know people who are just
experiencing you know things at a bit of
a different level and they need to
connect with each other so you know
they're still accessing the same
information you know that everybody is
but they're just kind of you know at
this next level of masterminding
together helping each other solve
problems uh really just gathering this
Collective wisdom of experience and
information that they have and their
memberships interesting okay so so
someone could start a basically just
like I'm going to start a community of
um stay-at-home moms who uh are also
homeschooling their children and like
literally create this monthly
opportunity for people to connect share
experiences tips Etc very interesting
Okay so we've got product based
Community Based I'm sorry then you said
service service based okay an example
service base so an example of service
base I think of Ginger Dean so Ginger is
a therapist and she was Finding herself
really burnt out with the one-on one
work which I'm sure many therapists do
uh so she really turned her onetoone
model into one to many and so she serves
a community of women who are recovering
from abusive or toxic relationships uh
and now she has a huge Community where
she gets to serve um and really impact
so many lives as opposed to just having
to you know kind of being there
one-on-one with people still having an
impact of course but now she gets to do
it on a bigger scale and she has you
know more time for herself you know
outside of her business as well and then
you said um knowledge was there one
other yes so knowledge and information
based which tends to be the most popular
style of memberships um and this is
really where you're taking you know your
expertise whether that's you know your
professional expertise or maybe it's a
hobby or maybe it's you know your own
lived experience where maybe you've gone
through something and you're on the
other side of it and now you have a
strategy to get to the other side and
you want to share that with people uh
those are great examples of knowledge
based memberships and I want for anyone
who's watching right now and you've got
a little bit of maybe impostor syndrome
where it's you're like oh I feel weird
creating this membership around my
knowledge because I'm not the most
knowledgeable or I'm not the expert I
want you to just re to know that um you
don't have to be the most knowledgeable
or the expert you have to be an expert
in the way that it worked for you and
share that with other people um with
with our a new membership we just
launched on sery phase it up that is
it's a it's a program that really helps
women who are per in per menopause or
menopausal and Beyond and I'm not the
expert what I've done is curated the
experts now my fitness programs are in
there but I I don't have to be the the
hormone doctor I can I can bring the
best experts to my membership and and so
I just want your mind if you're thinking
about all these opportunities that you
don't have to be the sole piece of
content in fact I would say as your
bossy older sister you don't want to do
that because that is a lot of pressure
but there's so many other experts out
there that can serve you and would be
happy to you know have the opportunity
to be in front of your audience
absolutely and you know what to that
point shelen we actually have several
membership site owners who are not the
front-facing person of their membership
at all so I think about Scott paly who
runs the nonprofit leadership lab he is
the back end and Joan Gary is actually
the front of front-facing person in
their membership we just caught up with
Scott Karan I believe I'm saying his
last name correctly he's the back end of
their membership and it's his friend
who's the front end his friend is a
dentist and who you know teaches a
unique way uh for Invisalign um and so
they just were having a backyard
conversation actually they had this
backyard conversation over the course of
I think almost two years uh and finally
Scott convinced his friend to give it a
go and now they're running a membership
several years later and you know they're
doing really well with that so you don't
even have to put yourself in that front
seat and be the front-facing person if
you know someone and you know you know
that you could do great on the back end
then you know like you said it's really
just asking yourself what does a
membership make possible what is the um
lowest tier of membership that you've
got you know some customers that charge
x amount what's the lowest and and
what's the highest oh my goodness you
know that's a great question I don't
know exact I mean I know that we have
people who charge you know under $10 for
their membership okay and then you know
people who charge upwards of you know
five figures even for their membership
it depends on what it is yeah you know
I'm thinking of Sharon Pope and she's
got she has a great membership um in
which she guides people in uh making the
decision about whether or not they
should get a divorce and so this is a
community where people are coming in and
thinking and and learning is this the
next best step right it's not always
going to be a yes or no right it depends
on where they're at but uh she's able to
charge she charges um I believe around
297 I think a month for her membership
so it really can vary and it just
depends on you know what you've got
going on what you're delivering inside
of your membership absolutely and how
valuable that is that's fantastic well
that's exciting to hear do you find talk
to me about Trends um is the customer
more interested in a membership or like
is one more popular than the other right
now I mean I have my own thoughts on
this but I'm curious with the data
living in the space are you finding that
uh which is more popular well it's hard
to say but what I can say is that we
actually have kind of been going through
some stuff here because we are leading
up to our annual launch of the
membership experience and one of the
stats that we pulled from Forbes
Magazine uh was that let me just I'm
going to look because I want to make
sure I'm saying this correctly so they
reported that the global subscription
economy is expected to reach 904
billion by
2026 and when you go back to
20221 uh the global subscription economy
looked like 72 billion so that's a
pretty massive jump over the course of
what is that g to be five years or so
well let me play Advocate um does does
that you know the pessimist in me might
think okay so well then does that mean
that memberships subscription based uh
businesses are that's saturated that's a
great question and the answer to that is
no of course um I think that I think
that what we're seeing is the world in
the world is that there really is uh
we're in information overload and I
think that people are looking for
clarity they're looking for that clear
path to get them from A to B people
don't want to spend hours and hours and
hours we'll take this back to menopause
just because that's something we're both
familiar with unfortunately um but
people don't want to spend hours and
hours and hours on Google and trying to
find the best Solutions and then you
know finding this thing and then trying
it for you know X number of weeks or
even months or even years only having it
to not work right and so it really is
about finding that clear path that that
gives you
convenience that gives you
results um so I think that I think we're
just going to see this more and more and
when it comes to somebody who's thinking
about thinking that and thinking well
you know there's already a whole bunch
of menopause coaches out there or
there's already a whole bunch of Fitness
coaches or whatever your Market might be
um you really you you know you want to
step back and think well what is it that
I bring to the market though right so
you know somebody who you know might
deliver their content with lots of
energy and enthusiasm and they're always
happy and bubbly that might not be the
person for everybody but a person who's
you know serving the same content who's
maybe no more low-key and uh you know
just a little more more toned down that
might be the person for somebody else
right so when you look at that and think
well there's just so many people out
there it really is just finding you know
maybe you have one little different way
that you help people achieve a result
that is different than somebody else so
yeah I think again it's just opening up
your mind and thinking well what does a
membership make possible what is it what
is possible for me and I think when any
anything gets saturated right like if we
think about social media social media is
completely oversaturated so does that
mean that we should no longer be
creating social media no I think it's a
call for excellence and with our
Instagram you know it's called insta
clubhub
with that program when we launched it uh
that was when we were doing our initial
research we found that there are a lot
of really wellestablished Instagram
coaching memberships and we were like
it's a pretty saturated field we have to
go above and beyond we have to what can
we do that really really serves people
and like I'm I'm not saying this in any
way to disparage other creators but
since that time four of the top five
Instagram coaching memberships theyve
tired them and I you know I think that
says a lot and our we just continue to
grow and I think I want to encourage you
not to be afraid of competition but also
to be inspired and to recognize that
like it means you have to have you you
need to do things the right way you
can't just go well I'm gonna start a
membership and I'm GNA build it myself
and that's right and that's why I would
um I would I would strongly encourage
anyone who is trying to start trying to
figure this out for themselves go to the
expert and that's what we did I know you
guys do workshops master classes um and
that's how we discovered literally I did
I did a a free uh I think it was a
webinar two three years ago now and was
like okay they've got bells and whistles
which is great but more so we need to
understand all of these intricacies that
make a membership such that people don't
ever want to give it up and you guys do
that better than anybody a thank you
yeah I'm glad that you mentioned the
workshop we actually have our free
Workshop we do this every year uh and so
it's coming up starting on April 4th and
it's it's about a week and a half and
then we go into we have a master class
after that um and we just we break it
all down it's totally free but we have
there's three master classes starting
April 4th and we break it all down and
during this time together the community
just lights up we see people doing their
founding member launches while they're
with us during this free workshop and
it's absolutely incredible it's
mind-blowing it's exciting every time
because you just see people popping up
and saying I'm going to do it I'm going
to put my idea out there I'm just going
to see what happens and you know whether
it's a handful of people whether it's
you know even a few hundred we've had
people launch and and end up with huge
founding member launches during our free
Workshop uh it's just a really exciting
time it's really inspiring um and you'll
just learn so much it starts on April
4th yeah where there's some free
workshops that we do leading up to a
Master Class that's happening on April
14th so you can go to shen.com
membership and that'll take you to the
sign up for the free if you're watching
this before April 4th after April 4th I
know you have a master class that starts
a couple weeks after that so either one
depending on when you're listening to
this when you're watching this uh go
check it out shen.com
membership you guys know that um I'm I'm
always really transparent about the
tools that we use and why um and you
know in full transparency when we
initially switched insta clubhub only to
Cy um it was it was really I was like
I'm just going to learn everything I can
about how to have a better membership
experience and I'm going to keep my
stuff over on this other platform but
then we just my mind was blown and like
how quickly we were able to reduce our
churn and increase the member experience
and how much easier it was for my team
like I have no Tech abilities whatsoever
I love that you guys are so Hands-On I
asked today I said how many fil do you
think we have with searchy can you guess
how many files we have with you guys
individual oh my gosh am I going to
guess like in the thousands yes over
4,000 files with all of our different
you know courses now and memberships and
um it's just nice not to have like a new
headache every day or like a new tech
problem to solve when we were trying to
do this
ourselves I was like I guess this just
what life is like as a you know a
digital content creator
for sure it doesn't have to be that way
yeah it does it well and I love that you
actually shared how many files you do
have because you know we touched on
content overwhelm and you know someone
might hear that and go oh like do I have
to create that much first of all and how
do I organize that but I love you know
I've been inside of your memberships and
you guys have it so simplified where you
know you come in you take an assessment
you find out exactly what content you
need for where you are so here we are
talking about our success path again so
and then it curates that for them um and
so that removes the overwhelm they know
exactly what they need to do when they
come in but that was missing before like
I mean that was a piece that um you know
we just we just didn't really understand
that you guys make that so much easier
you taught us and are we're continuing
I'm I'm still a recovering over content
creator but um we're really learning
from your team and your expertise like
how to distill things down so that
people can get in get what they need
transformation and we've got so many
different like I said we've got a diet
and fitness program Instagram coaching
digital business um influencers brand
deals what else do we have on there did
I already say diet and fitness yes and
our our we have courses so yes that's
right you know it's it's really been fun
to be able to give to it's been fun to
read comments from our customers who are
like this is so much better they don't
know that we're on a different platform
they're just like wow you guys have
really improved everything like thanks
know the experience yeah yeah that's
what it's all about really isn't it it's
creating that experience for our members
and just helping them make the little
bits of progress every day my story can
sometimes be overwhelming right and I
because I've been doing this forever but
for that person who's you know maybe in
the 2.0 season of their life they have
never thought of of um starting a
digital business how much Tech do they
need to understand like what what do
what do you really need so that you UND
like in order to be successful as a
brand new membership Creator yeah so if
you are just starting out you're brand
brand new no idea about tech anything
honestly and truly all you need to get
started is a place to be able to email
someone from and truly that can be your
Gmail account to start with you know you
think about you know everything that's
available you can email people through
Gmail you need a way for people to pay
you so just a checkout link that and you
can do that through PayPal you can do
that through stripe uh and a place to
communicate with people so you might do
that through a Facebook group or you
might get a free Zoom account and just
you know be a email them a zoom link and
meet them on Zoom whatever that looks
like so it can really be that simple I
know we've gone really fast will you um
in the workshop what can people expect
to walk away with from the workshop
people can expect to learn more about
the success path uh they can dig more
into the different membership types so
we just barely touched on them here but
really uh we'll look at um the service
base the community the information all
of that kind of stuff um so you can
really start identifying what makes
sense for you and what's possible for
you in any of those membership types uh
and you know you'll we maybe maybe we'll
teach you how to do a founding member
launch I don't know I can't promise
anything but yeah so you'll walk away
just kind of knowing everything you need
to know about you know memberships and
what it makes possible for you and
lastly um a membership you can do it
launch style and you can also just have
reoccurring like EV every week people
can can be signing up so that you've got
a more steady income stream is that true
that's right yeah so we have a open
model and a Clos model and so the Clos
model is really where you do that big
launch and you have it open for a
certain period of time then you close
your doors and you're able to kind of go
in and work with your members get that
feedback that we're talking about help
people make progress get those stories
that are really great to be able to
share on the front end um but then yes
you can have an open model there's some
uh memberships like if you know we think
about someone like ginger Dean who I
already mentioned she doesn't want to
close her doors she wants to always be
available for women who need support
coming out of those kinds of
relationships so she has an Open Door
membership where she is welcoming people
all the time we have one closed and two
open well Rebecca this has been super
helpful I know students so fantastic at
these workshops and master classes so I
hope that if you're just a little bit
interested I highly encourage you to go
to shen.com
membership again it's shen.com
membership it'll be in our show
description you'll see the link there um
in fact you can click on that while
you're thinking about what kinds of
questions you want to ask me I'm an open
book let me know if you're watching this
on YouTube drop whatever questions you
have about courses or memberships I'll
do my best to answer them for you and as
always Rebecca thank you so much for
being here with us today thank you so
much for having me it's been a lot of
fun awesome I hope you enjoyed this
edition of build your tribe if you are
someone in like the second part of your
career your 2.0 season you're trying to
figure out like how to be the brand how
to make that transition I would highly
recommend that you check out this
episode where we talk about it or this
one where we talk about how to shift
over your social media like kind of give
it an update and a makeover and don't
forget to leave a tip in the tip jar how
do you do that you make sure that you're
subscribed to build your tribe right
here on YouTube hey thanks for being
here talk to you
[Music]
soon